This is the exterior view of the water sensor
kit with the display screen, on/off switch,
access for wiring, connections for sensors,
and inlet/outlet for water to flow through
the sensor kit.
The kit is made from a hard, waterproof case
that allows the kit to be deployed in wet
and dry environments both indoor and outdoor.
Kits can be deployed using the internal water-quality-sensor
flow cell by connecting the inlet to a water
source.
The kit can also be used by connecting sensors
to the case and then measuring grab samples.
The data are stored locally on a microcomputer
in the case.
The water sensor kit can be powered by battery
or plugged into an electrical outlet.
This is the interior of the water sensor kit.
Inside there is a flow cell with water quality
sensor, microcomputer, battery, and associated
wiring.
The flow cell in the kit includes two sensors
and can be designed differently depending
on monitoring needs.
This is a general wiring diagram applicable
for the under-the-sink water sensor kit shown
in the first video.
Microcomputers such as Raspberry Pi and Arduino
are designed to be wired and programmed by
the user.
With the option to power a water sensor kit
by battery or an electrical outlet, the kit
can be designed to alternate between the two
power sources depending on the application.
A detailed description of the sensor kit is
available for download.
See the link in the Resources section.